Updated on request (#2697)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/complying-with-the-gdpr.md

## Opting into the Data Processing Agreement and Standard Contractual Clauses

> Segment eoffers a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) and Standard Contractual (SCCs) as a means of meeting contractual requirements of applicable data privacy laws and regulations, such as GDPR, and to address international data transfers. Segment’s online [Data Protection Addendum](https://www.twilio.com/legal/data-protection-addendum){:target="_blank"} (DPA) is already part of and incorporated into the [Terms of Service](https://www.twilio.com/legal/tos){:target="_blank"}. If you have a separate written agreement with Segment that does not include a Data Protection Addendum (DPA) or you would like to replace the existing Data Protection Addendum (DPA) that is attached to your separate written agreement with Segment’s latest Data Protection Addendum (DPA), please contact us at [privacy@twilio.com](mailto:privacy@twilio.com). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment offers a Data Processing Agreement (DPA) and Standard Contractual Clause (SCCs) as a means of meeting contractual requirements of applicable data privacy laws and regulations, such as GDPR, and to address international data transfers. Segment’s online [Data Protection Addendum](https://www.twilio.com/legal/data-protection-addendum){:target="_blank"} (DPA) is already part of and incorporated into the [Terms of Service](https://www.twilio.com/legal/tos){:target="_blank"}. If you have a separate written agreement with Segment that does not include a Data Protection Addendum (DPA) or you would like to replace the existing Data Protection Addendum (DPA) that is attached to your separate written agreement with Segment’s latest Data Protection Addendum (DPA), please contact us at [privacy@twilio.com](mailto:privacy@twilio.com). 
```
Did you mean to add clause after Standard Contractual?  Also, it looks like this same sentence appears again on line 64.  Is that intentional?
